Additional Python constructors for JobSpec and ResourceSpecV1 (#107)
ExaWorks/job-api-spec: specification.md

Constructs an empty `JobSpec`.

<div class="lang-bindings">

__Python__:

> In Python, the following additional constructor is defined:

Reviewer: The argument-less constructor and this constructor are mutually exclusive in Python, right?  Do we want to also put the empty JobSpec constructor in this lang-bindings class?  Or maybe tweak the wording:

```suggestion
In Python, the following constructor is defined in lieu of the argument-less constructor:
```

Author: Thanks for catching this. Yes, I think the wording should be updated. The all-keyword-arg constructor can be called as nullary, but the text should make it clear that that's not an "additional constructor".

<a name="jobspec-_**"></a>
```python
JobSpec(name: str = None, executable: str = None,
        arguments: List[str] = None, directory: Path = None,
        inheritEnvironment: bool = True,

>         environment: Dict[str, str] = None, stdinPath: Path = None,

Reviewer 2: Why camelCase rather than underscores?

Author: because... silliness. Will update.

Constructs an empty `ResourceSpecV1` object.

<div class="lang-bindings">

__Python__:

> In Python, the following additional constructor is defined:

Reviewer: Same comment as above
